hey guys we have some really exciting
news today we are launching a brand new
YouTube channel called junior gizmo it's
going to be a youtube channel five kids
and for kids dedicated to toys and
here's the reason we did it we have we
know we have multiple audiences on our
baby is my youtube channel we first have
the moms in the dad's looking for
stroller videos and baby gear and
recipes and travel and everything pretty
much mom and dad related but then we
also have kids that subscribe to our
YouTube channel looking for toys and
looking for these three to review them
for them so here's the thing we are
going to give it the kids a place of
their own so that they don't have to
stitch through all of the stroll or
videos on the mom stuff they can go
right to the toys they can hear right
from the kids so that's what junior
gizmo is it's a youtube channel just for
the kids so now so baby gizmo is going
to continue to be all of the baby gear
and the mom stuff the dads stuff they've
travel the recipes things like that but
junior gizmos right for the kids so in
celebration of this new YouTube channel
we are having a giveaway and we are
giving away two prizes and the first
five we're going to give a prize away
for boys and a prize away for girls so
the first prize is the boy prize and
that is they're all razer roll okie skin
that's right it's the razor robo kick
scooter so tell me about that sooner
white sauce has um these fault these
cool phone oh and you put your hands in
it to steer and there's three wheels
that's right it has a phone robot hand
as the grips three wheels has all kinds
of robot details really really cool so
that's our first price and our second
prize is for the girls and it is grace
the girls 2015 that's right the American
girl 2015 girl of the year grace Thomas
we are giving away at one of those
well so the first person is going to
first girl is going to win grace and the
other one's going to win the razor Robo
kick scooter now it's going to be really
easy to enter all you're going to have
to do is if you are watching on youtube
click right there that's going to take
you to the entry form if you are under
the age of 18 you're going to need your
parents permission to to enter now all
you need is your email address so that
we know where to find you if you win and
you're going to need to subscribe to
junior gizmo now we want people to enter
the contest that like toys we want
people to subscribe to junior gizmo that
are interested in watching kids and
watching toys that's only one on that
channel so if you are interested in toys
and you want to win too cool toys um go
ahead and enter now if you aren't on
YouTube go ahead and look for the link
in the video description that's going to
take you right to the entry form as well
again it's going to be super easy email
address and subscribing to junior gizmo
but you do need to go through the form
so that we know where to find you if you
happen to win so this giveaway is going
to last two weeks it's going to end on
April seventeenth and like I said we're
gonna have two random winners one for
grace Thomas for American girl and one
for the razor Robo kick scooter which is
a really cool three wheel scooter
scooter so that's it we just wanted to
give you that announcement don't forget
to enter our giveaway if you like toys
and hop on over to jr gizmo and you will
see a lot more of these three plus other
kids there and we don't talk to you
later bye guys bye wait you subscribe
and lady did subscribe now you have more
toys too yes sir joy coming that's right
subscribe to baby gizmo but if you like
the toy subscribe to junior gizmo by